Refactor page redirect path after 'destroy', 'create', 'update' (#1995)
thoughtbot/administrate: docs/customizing_controller_actions.md

def default_sorting_direction
  :desc
end
```

## Customizing Redirects after actions

> To change redirect after the actions `create`, `update` and `destroy` you could override `after_resource_created_path` or `after_resource_updated_path` or `after_resource_destroyed_path` like this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set custom redirects after the actions `create`, `update` and `destroy` you can override `after_resource_created_path`, `after_resource_updated_path` or `after_resource_destroyed_path` like this:
```
